--- page 1 (1440x3259) ---
What’ s happening? Contact your MEP Take action
Find Write Send
Email your
representative. The people negotiating this law were elected by you. A short, personal 
message from a constituent carries real weight. It takes two minutes.
3Writing to
All 3 MEPs in Finland Change
To Peter AGIUS peter.agius@europarl.europa.eu, Alex AGIUS SALIBA alex.agiussaliba@europarl.europa.eu,  
Alex AGIUS SALIBA alex.agiussaliba@europarl.europa.eu, 
Subject Your vote on the Child Sexual Abuse Regulation (CSAR)
Message Edit
D ear M ember of the E uropean Parliament ,

Right now, tech companies in E urope get to decide for themselves how far they are willing to go to protect children from sexual abuse. And yet, child 
sexual abuse material continues to circulate at rocket speed across E urope. According to the Internet Watch F oundation, 63%  of the webpages 
containing con fi rmed child sexual abuse material in 2025  were hosted on servers based in the E U .

That is not good enough .

Companies should not be able to decide whether protecting children from sexual abuse is worth the cost, e ff ort or inconvenience .

If they operate here, E urope should set the rules. If you are concerned about what they are doing, regulate them. If you can protect children, act .

The E U ' s Child Sexual Abuse Regulation is an opportunity to do exactly that. It must give E urope strong rules to help stop images and videos of 
children being sexually abused from being shared online, and make sure technology companies do their part to protect children .

The Regulation must :

-  Allow companies to fi nd and act on known child sexual abuse material, so the same illegal images and videos cannot simply be uploaded again and 
again .
-  H elp fi nd new and previously unseen child sexual abuse material, including material created using AI .
-  Give responsible companies a clear and permanent legal basis to fi nd, report and remove child sexual abuse material .
-  M ake sure the rules do not only focus on known o ff enders, because people who want to sexually abuse children can easily create new accounts or 
conceal their identities .
-  Create a strong and properly funded E U Centre to help coordinate action against child sexual abuse online .

Images and videos of children being sexually abused are already being shared online at scale. Technology is making it easier to create and spread new 
forms of abuse, and easier for perpetrators to hide what they are doing. E vidence shows a link between viewing child sexual abuse material and an 
increased risk of committing contact sexual abuse against children .

E urope cannot simply leave it to tech companies to decide how much they are willing to do .

You represent me. You make decisions in my name. I expect you to put your name to protecting our children from sexual violence .

Learn more at :  thepetitionnoonewouldsign.co m

Best ,
[ Y O UR N A ME]  [ Y O UR C O U N TRY ]
Edit
Before you send
Paste the addresses into the BCC fi eld of your email, not To or CC. This keeps the recipient list 
private and helps your message reach every o ffi ce. Your message goes directly from you to your 
representatives. We never see it, and we don ' t keep a copy. O nce sent, it can ' t be recalled.
O pen in my email app
Copy message Copy all 3 email addresses
E mail sent ?  Share the campaign and encourage others to take action.
T he P etiti o n NoO ne Wou ldSign is a campaign by the Internet Watch F oundation. M essages are sent by you, from your own email app. V oting data compiled by HowT he yVo te . e u  from o ffi cial 
E uropean Parliament records. Portraits :  ©  E uropean Union. Contact details :  E uropean Parliament public directory.
A campaign by the I nternet Watch Foundation
The Internet Watch F oundation is a global charity that fi nds and removes 
images and videos of child sexual abuse from the internet. As experts at 
the frontline of this harm, we work with the technology industry, law 
enforcement and governments so that this material is reported, taken 
down and kept down.
L egal
Legal N otice
Privacy N otice
Cookie preferences
Contact
Press en q uiries
media@iwf.org.uk
General en q uiries
campaign@iwf.org.uk
iwf.org.uk
Registered charity number   Company number   
Registered address :  Address line , Cambridge, CB 0  0 AA, United ingdom ©  2026  Internet Watch F oundation M ade with Conviction by MOJO